I have been using this battery for about a year now and it is still as good as new.It cost half the price of the dealer replacement...go for it.
It costs lesss than the one Verizon offered and worked exactly the same. I'm glad I didn't buy the one from Verizon.
Arrived in a timely fashion. Plugged it in and it works like a charm! No more annoying beeping from the old battery. After doing some homework, we found this price extremely affordable.
The battery did the job! I replaced my Verizon backup battery with this one and it fit with no problem.
Purchased on Jan. 21 2014 and it needs a replacement so it almost lasted for one year. Original battery from FIOS lasted 3 years so the quality clearly is not here. That said, it worked fine for 360 days or so
I'm on my second replacement. It works good for about a year. Installation is easy, connectors fit just fine. It is also cheap. I would gladly pay more and not have to replace it every year.... the warning beep is annoying.
I gave this item a 3 star rating only because the maker put connectors on it substantially smaller than the original battery had. This forced me to have to squeeze the connecting clips with pliers to keep them from falling off the terminals.
Purchased on 2/18/14 as a replacement for my FiOS battery backup. A couple days ago, less than a year after purchasing this battery, it is currently dead and needing replaced. DO NOT PURCHASE!
Bought this battery to replace the original battery in my home security system. Original battery lasted almost 6 years from when I bought the home. This one from Amazon is already dying after only 7 months. My security system beeps about once every 5 minutes to warn of a low battery, so pretty annoying.
Horrible. My original FIOS battery lasted nearly 4 years. This replacement battery lasted less than 6 weeks. This company's customer service is unresponsive. They must know they're selling used batteries to an unsuspecting public. Avoid buying anything from these guys. They'll take your money and run.